1.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for drawing me to prayer and power.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for the salvation of my soul.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for baptizing me with the Holy Spirit.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for producing spiritual gifts upon my life.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for the fruits of the spirit working in me.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for the wonderful gift of praise.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for all the ways You have intervened in my affairs.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for Your divine plan for my life.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for You will never leave me nor forsake me.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for bringing me to a place of maturity and deeper life.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for lifting me up when I fall.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for keeping me in perfect peace.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for making all things work together for good for me.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for protecting me from the snares of the fowler and from the noisome pestilence.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for the wonder-working power in Your Word and in the Blood of the Lamb.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for giving Your angels charge over me.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for fighting for me against my adversaries.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for making me more than a conqueror.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for supplying all my needs according to Your riches in glory.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for Your healing power upon my body, soul and spirit.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for flooding my heart with the light of heaven.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for always causing me to triumph in Christ Jesus.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for turning my curses into blessings.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for enabling me to dwell in safety.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for all the blessings of life.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for Your greatness, power, glory, majesty, splendor and righteousness.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for silencing the foe and the avenger.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for You are at my right hand and I shall not be moved.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for You are trustworthy and will help Your own.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for not allowing my enemies to rejoice over me.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for Your wonderful love.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for delivering my soul from death and my feet from stumbling.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for You are my fortress and refuge in times of trouble.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for Your faithfulness and marvelous deeds.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for Your act of power and surpassing greatness.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for dispersing spiritual blindness from my spirit.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for lifting me out of the depths.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for preserving me and keeping my feet from slipping.
Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for Your name is a strong tower, the righteous runs into it and he is safe.


2.
Father, have mercy on me and forgive me all my sins, in the name of Jesus.

3.
Everything distributing depression in my life, be rendered null and void, in the name of Jesus.
I receive my rain of abundance, in the name of Jesus.
My leaf shall be green, in the name of Jesus.
My life shall not cease from yielding fruits, in the name of Jesus.
The plague of the drought shall not touch me, in the name of Jesus.
I rebuke every stagnant cloud over my life, in the name of Jesus.
Every long-time cloud over my life, turn to rain, in the name of Jesus.
I proclaim the covenant of the rainbow around my life, in Jesus’ name.
This year, I will not lack. I will enjoy all-round sufficiency, in Jesus’ name.
I reject the oppression of last year, in the name of Jesus.
I receive the fullness of the promise of God, in the name of Jesus.
I receive divine fullness for (mention your name) family, in Jesus’ name.
This year, I receive the blessings of heaven without any struggle, in the name of Jesus.
Amid the drought ravaging families, fullness is for (mention your name) family, in the name of Jesus.
I receive the shelter of the Lord, in the name of Jesus.
My God, arise, let evil cloud lift away, and let divine oath and promise take over, in the name of Jesus.
In the land of my sojourn (mention your country), my children shall spread and rule over the country, in the name of Jesus.
This year, I receive divine favour without any struggle, in Jesus’ name.
I shall eat the good and the fullness of countries, in the name of Jesus.
This year, my blessing shall cut across countries, in the name of Jesus.
I receive cross-continental blessings, in the name of Jesus.
Prayers shall blow good things to my home, in the name of Jesus.
By the power in the blood of Jesus, the days of my visitation have come, in the name of Jesus.
My sources of good supply, open to me again, in the name of Jesus.
I receive the new dispensation for my life, in the name of Jesus.
My companies and businesses, receive the key to be planted in great countries, in the name of Jesus.
I command portions for myself from abroad, in the name of Jesus.
I command help from above, abroad and around, in Jesus’ name.
O God, fight for me and let the world know that I have a God, in the name of Jesus.
You, troubler of my life, the butcher from heaven will kill you without mercy, in the name of Jesus.
Powers fixing a date to terminate me, sword of God, kill them suddenly, in the name of Jesus.
Battles joking with my life, lose your power over me, in Jesus’ name.
O God, intervene against powers tormenting me, in the name of Jesus.
O God, intervene against witchcraft powers making me to lose my peace, in the name of Jesus.
The garment making my helpers to run away from me, fire of God, burn it now, in the name of Jesus.
O God, fight for me before it is too late, in the name of Jesus.
O God, use Your sword to destroy powers making me weep secretly and openly, in the name of Jesus.
Wicked mothers that transform into masquerades to torment me day and night, die suddenly, in the name of Jesus.
I release myself from the power of every evil throne, in Jesus’ name.
Every evil verdict from my enemies, backfire, in the name of Jesus.
Every oppressive throne of darkness, scatter, in the name of Jesus.
Every Goliath of my destiny, die, in the name of Jesus.
Every evil foundation built against me, collapse, in the name of Jesus.
Fire of God, burn every evil throne to ashes now, in the name of Jesus.
The power that destroyed the throne of Babylon, destroy all evil thrones working against me, in the name of Jesus.
Blood of Jesus, let Your power arise in anger and overthrow my enemies, in the name of Jesus.
Lord, put Your power into my name to make me great, in Jesus’ name.
Breath of God, arise and promote me above my enemies, in the name of Jesus.
The breakthrough that will elevate me above my enemies, locate me now, in the name of Jesus.
My prosperity, cause an incurable stroke to the bones of my unrepentant enemies, in the name of Jesus.
O Lord, give me a wonderful change that will frustrate my enemies, in the name of Jesus.
All my enemies, receive multiple confusion, in the name of Jesus.
I fire the arrows of death into the camp of my unrepentant enemies, in the name of Jesus.
Holy Spirit, arise and overthrow all my stubborn enemies, in the name of Jesus.
Father Lord, convert the strength of all my enemies to weakness, in the name of Jesus.
Lord Jesus, deliver me from known and unknown enemies, in the name of Jesus.


Begin to thank the Lord for answers to your prayers.

