Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for drawing me to prayer and power.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for the salvation of my soul.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for baptizing me with the Holy Spirit.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for producing spiritual gifts upon my life.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for the fruits of the spirit working in me.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for the wonderful gift of praise.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for all the ways You have intervened in my affairs.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for Your divine plan for my life.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for You will never leave me nor forsake me.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for bringing me to a place of maturity and deeper life.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for lifting me up when I fall.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for keeping me in perfect peace.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for making all things work together for good for me.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for protecting me from the snares of the fowler and from the noisome pestilence.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for the wonder-working power in Your Word and in the Blood of the Lamb.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for giving Your angels charge over me.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for fighting for me against my adversaries.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for making me more than a conqueror.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for supplying all my needs according to Your riches in glory.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for Your healing power upon my body, soul and spirit.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for flooding my heart with the light of heaven.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for always causing me to triumph in Christ Jesus.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for turning my curses into blessings.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for enabling me to dwell in safety.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for all the blessings of life.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for Your greatness, power, glory, majesty, splendor and righteousness.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for silencing the foe and the avenger.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for You are at my right hand and I shall not be moved.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for You are trustworthy and will help Your own.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for not allowing my enemies to rejoice over me.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for Your wonderful love.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for delivering my soul from death and my feet from stumbling.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for You are my fortress and refuge in times of trouble.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for Your faithfulness and marvelous deeds.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for Your act of power and surpassing greatness.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for dispersing spiritual blindness from my spirit.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for lifting me out of the depths.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for preserving me and keeping my feet from slipping.

Father in the name of Jesus, I thank You for Your name is a strong tower, the righteous runs into it and he is safe.



Father, have mercy on me and forgive me all my sins, in the name of Jesus.


Father, any power sent from the pit of hell to destroy my destiny, let that power be destroyed, in the name of Jesus.
All the strong men assigned for this evil job, let them all be mysteriously killed tonight, in the name of Jesus.
Lord, fortify me with Your power to overcome these evil strong men, in the name of Jesus.
Father, expose any hidden friendly enemy working with them to carry out their evil assignment, in the name of Jesus.
Father, burn down the house of the evil priest assigned to carry out this evil against me, and let him be put to shame and disgrace now, in Jesus’ name.
Every evil wind sent from the pit of hell to divert my harvest, you are a liar, scatter, in the name of Jesus.
Father, let whoever is crying against my harvest in front of any demonic altar fall down and die now, in the name of Jesus.
Every enemy mocking my harvest, I command you to be disgraced now, in the name of Jesus.
Every agent of darkness using strange powers to delay my harvest, you are a failure; I command all your powers to die, in the name of Jesus.
My harvest, what are you still doing hanging in the heavenlies? Come down now and begin to manifest, in the name of Jesus.
Every agent of darkness using strange powers to delay my harvest, you are a failure; I command all your powers to die, in the name of Jesus.
Every wicked power from the pit of hell blocking my harvest, that power ends today, in the name of Jesus.
You, wicked evil gate, I am not your victim; scatter immediately, in the name of Jesus.
Every demonic gate blocking my testimony from manifesting, my God shall destroy your powers against me, in the name of Jesus.
You, evil gate, I put it to you today that I cannot be stopped, in Jesus’ name.
Father, send Your heavenly stone and let it crash upon the head of this evil gate now, in the name of Jesus.
You wicked strong man assigned to monitor evil gate against me, you are a failure; receive your judgement from heaven now, in the name of Jesus.
You evil strong man at any evil gate, I command you now, carry your evil gate and run mad with it, in the name of Jesus.
For my sake, my parents (or children) shall prosper, in the name of Jesus.
I shall receive mercy from God in the land of the living, in the name of Jesus.
Lord, let the wind that will make my children excel be activated in their studies and in their lives, in the name of Jesus.
At home, in school, on the field and in the market place, I shall prosper, in the name of Jesus.
The nations of the earth will seek for me to exalt, promote and carry me and my children to places of honour, in the name of Jesus.
I declare that my promotion shall come in double, in the name of Jesus.
My Father, enter into my vineyard and cultivate it for Your sake, in the name of Jesus.
My Father, enter into my vineyard and wipe out the devourer, in the name of Jesus.
Today, let the sentence of God be released against Lucifer in my life, in the name of Jesus.
Lord, let every restriction against my life be taken away, in Jesus’ name.
I receive my sanctification for what is to come, in the name of Jesus.
My Lord and my God, showcase Your grace through my life, in Jesus’ name.
My Father and my God, enter into the garden of my life and cultivate it for me, in the name of Jesus.
My Lord and my God, give me the grace to carry the ark of the tabernacle, in the name of Jesus.
My life shall not falter during this season, in the name of Jesus.
I shall not be cut off at the peak of my glory, in the name of Jesus.
O Lord, occupy my spirit, soul and body, in the name of Jesus.
O Lord, build altars of blessings anywhere I enter from now on, in the name of Jesus.
From now onward, everything about my life shall be harvest, in Jesus’ name.
Nothing shall diminish my destiny, in the name of Jesus.
Henceforth, my life shall be a vineyard and a place of glory, in Jesus’ name..
Henceforth, whenever I look to the West, East, North or South, the earth shall answer me, in the name of Jesus.
The world shall submit to me as from today, in the name of Jesus.
Heaven’s soldiers will answer when I cry for help, in the name of Jesus.
Like the Egyptian midwives, the Lord shall remember me and build houses and estates for me, in the name of Jesus.
O God, raise Your glory cloud over my head, in the name of Jesus.
O Lord, my God, re-create in me a new man for Your glory, in Jesus’ name.
In my home, O Lord, let the high praise of God burst forth, in Jesus’ name.
Heavenly Father, I am a house prepared for You. Enter Your house now, in the name of Jesus.
I receive the spirit of grace, power and sound mind to do the will of God on earth, as it is in heaven, in the name of Jesus.
O Lord, give me a superabundance of extraordinary grace and power, in the name of Jesus.
The world will testify of me, and I will testify of God, in the name of Jesus.
O Lord, cause me to be bigger than a river, in the name of Jesus.
Lord, I receive an abundance of rain and the garment that comes with it now, in the name of Jesus.
O Lord, showcase me as an instrument for harvest, in the name of Jesus.
O Lord, renew my covenant of new life and sound health, in Jesus’ name.
I renew the mind of God in my heart and His character in my life, in the name of Jesus.
Everywhere I go, the wind of the Lord shall carry me, in the name of Jesus.



Begin to thank the Lord for answers to your prayers.